= Name =

'''nginx_http_oauth_module''' - support oauth client with Nginx

= Status =

This module is at its very early phase of development and considered highly experimental. But you're encouraged to test it out on your side and report any quirks that you experience.

We need your help! If you find this module useful and/or interesting, please consider joining the development!

= Synopsis =

<geshi lang="nginx">

http {

	server {
		listen       1982;
		server_name  localhost;

		oauth_consumer_key key;
		oauth_consumer_secret secret;
		oauth_variables $oauth_token $oauth_token_secret $proxy_uri;
		oauth_session_zone $test_name zone=test:10m;

		#two step oauth
		location  /{
			set $test_name yaoweibin;
			oauth_session_store zone=test;

			if ($oauth_has_valid_session = "0") {
				rewrite .* /session;
			}

			set $proxy_uri "http://term.ie/oauth/example/echo_api.php?method=foo%20bar&bar=baz";
			proxy_pass $oauth_signed_authenticated_call_uri;
		}

		location /session {
			oauth on;
			oauth_session_store zone=test;
			set $test_name yaoweibin;

			eval_override_content_type application/x-www-form-urlencoded;
			eval $oauth_token $oauth_token_secret {
				set $proxy_uri "http://term.ie/oauth/example/request_token.php";
				proxy_pass $oauth_signed_request_token_uri;
			}

			eval $oauth_token $oauth_token_secret {
				set $proxy_uri "http://term.ie/oauth/example/access_token.php";
				proxy_pass $oauth_signed_access_token_uri;
			}

			if ($oauth_token = "") {
				return 403;
			}

			if ($oauth_token_secret = "") {
				return 403;
			}

			#rewrite ^(.*)$ $request_uri last;
		}
	}

}

</geshi>

= Description =

Add the support oauth client with Nginx.

= Directives =

== oauth ==

'''syntax:''' ''''

'''default:''' ''''

'''context:''' ''''

'''description:'''  


= Installation =

Download the latest version of the release tarball of this module from [http://github.com/yaoweibin/nginx_http_oauth_module github]

Grab the nginx source code from [http://nginx.org/ nginx.org], for example, the version 0.7.67 (see nginx compatibility), and then build the source with this module:

<geshi lang="bash">
    $ wget 'http://nginx.org/download/nginx-0.7.67.tar.gz'
    $ tar -xzvf nginx-0.7.67.tar.gz
    $ cd nginx-0.7.67/

    $ ./configure --add-module=/path/to/nginx_http_oauth_module

    $ make
    $ make install
</geshi>

    
= Compatibility =

* My test bed is 0.7.67 and 0.8.50.

= TODO =

= Known Issues =

* Developing  

= Changelogs =

== v0.1 ==
* first release

= Authors =

Weibin Yao(姚伟斌) ''yaoweibin at gmail dot com''

= Copyright & License =

This README template copy from [http://github.com/agentzh agentzh].

This module is licensed under the BSD license.

Copyright (C) 2010 by Weibin Yao <yaoweibin@gmail.com>.

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

